
Lab 6 - Task 1 (20 points) 


Create 2 HTML pages that look like the images you find in the 
in the ./pages folder.
 
Both pages must use HTML5, all styles must be attached
in one css file, used by both pages. Validate the correctness of the HTML used. 
Neither the style attribute nor the style inside the <style> tag may be used. 

All images necessary for the task (background, images) are 
included. In addition, a file containing the text of the page is given.
The colour palette may be different from the example as long as it reflects the example's impression.

Please note that the CSS may be cached by the browser in which you open the 
page. If you experience problems such as the appearance not changing, start in a new tab, 
restart your browser or cache (from the last hour, etc.), or use in private mode.
Verify the solutions in your browser - write in comment which you were using. 

Task writing time : 90 minutes.
Solutions should be returned by email:
to : g.ostrek@mini.pw.edu.pl
subject : [WAP] Task 1
You should attach your solution as a zip file named after your
login to the MINI PW <login>.zip file which contains all the files included in the
solution and the image files from the task, as required by the
solution.

The file should be sent by email to grzegorz.ostrek@pw.edu.pl no more 
than 90 minutes after you start writing the assignment. 
The browser used can be entered in the comments.

Detailed scoring (points awarded for 100% completion of subtask only):
3p Sources comply with the HTML5/CSS3 standard and the requirements listed.
1p Formatting and appearance of header as shown in images
1p Left and right margins of page.
1p Page background colour and image repeated in shown orientation and approximate width of the 
   browser window. 
2p Descriptions - text wraps around image on right hand side, 
   rounded dotted line border, 2em spacing between border and content 
   and between frames. Text is aligned, image at width=5em, 
   spacing of image from text .5em.
1p For using CSS selectors such that no class or 
    id directly for the img elements, and the style has been applied only 
    for images inside the frame 
1p A semi-transparent, cookie-free banner.
   Has a fixed height,is at the bottom of the browser window at all times
   of the browser, it does not move when scrolling. 
1p Use of semenatic tag: address, document part.
1p A Table

Form:
1p At least one form field and submit button, 
   grouped fields surrounded by a frame with legend
1p Phone number field requires exactly 9 digits to be entered and is required
1p Correctly entered special characters, encoding and page language.
5p JavaScript code adding descrition of problem - use addEventListener for key events.
 - Mark red group name if it does not start with capital letter, or green if it is correct
 - Append information, when a conditions for password are not met: 8 characters long, and contains a digit 

You may use given index.html, style.css and script.js files, fill in index.html missing code to use them.

You may use following JS code in Regexp:
var digitRegEx = /[0-9]/;
var countRegEx = /^[a-zA-Z0-9]{8,}$/;


